README.md, before:

# crystalballer
Combining projection mapping and head tracking to make awesome mystical interactive displays!
_________________

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/crystalballer.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/py/crystalballer)
[![Test Status](https://github.com/apockill/crystalballer/workflows/Test/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/apockill/crystalballer/actions?query=workflow%3ATest)
[![Lint Status](https://github.com/apockill/crystalballer/workflows/Lint/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/apockill/crystalballer/actions?query=workflow%3ALint)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/apockill/crystalballer/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/apockill/crystalballer)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Imports: isort](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20imports-isort-%231674b1?style=flat&labelColor=ef8336)](https://timothycrosley.github.io/isort/)
_________________

[Read Latest Documentation](https://apockill.github.io/crystalballer/) - [Browse GitHub Code Repository](https://github.com/apockill/crystalballer/)
_________________

## Running the Project

### Setting up the Software
To run this project, simply have docker installed, and run the following command, where 
you can replace COMMAND with the script you'd like to run in the docker environment:

```shell
./run COMMAND
```

This will build, run, and execute the container with the main project script. It will 
also enable X11 Forwarding, so that visuals can pass through the docker container.

Usable scripts can be found in the `scripts` section of the `pyproject.toml`.

### Setting up the Hardware

1. Connect the Gakken display to the computer via HDMI, and set the resolution to 800x600.

2. Connect the Oak-D Lite to the computer via USB.

3. Set up the Gakken as the primary display, where it's the leftmost display.

### Validating GPU works
You can check if your docker installation works with GPU by seeing if nvidia-smi works
correctly. You can do this by running the following command:
```shell
./run nvidia-smi
```

## Development

### Installing python dependencies
```shell
poetry install
```

### Running Tests
```shell
pytest .
```

### Formatting Code
```shell
bash .github/format.sh
```

### Linting
```shell
bash .github/check_lint.sh
```

Commit message:

Add support for `Godot` rendering, including a perspective shader and socket library for face detectio nstreaming (#6)
* initial upload of godot eyeball-test

* Reformat the codebase into a `face_tracker` and `godot` codebase

* Git really wants me to commit these again

* Okay code works again

* upload progress on sphere-mapper

* Add a godot linter

* Add a godot linter

* Lint fixes

* add linux export config

* first pass testing sphere projection shader

* add build path and add to `.gitignore`

* added fullscreen toggle

* add underscores to delta

* fixed sphere projection mapping

* rename camera_controller and fix FOV

* rename all scripts into PascalCase

* Make platform an inverted dome

* remove errant semicolons

* add tracking manager with placeholder functions

* fix errant relative position init ordering

* remove placeholder code from tracker

* fix camera look at issues at perfect up/down angles

* set size of virtual gakken to match real world size

* update camera test distance to a more reasonable length

* global reformat with `gdscript-toolkit`

* Make queue size a constant

* Make camera container privileged

* Remove unecessary x volume mounting

* Add websocket server dependencies

* Finish implementation of a simple python socket server

* Remove todo

* Remove errant prints

* Actual working socket server and data deserialization

* It works!

* rename files to match godot standard

* add subwindow to visualize camera movements

---------

Co-authored-by: Ryan Hedgecock <rhedgeco@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# crystalballer
Combining projection mapping and head tracking to make awesome mystical interactive displays!
_________________

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/crystalballer.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/py/crystalballer)
[![Test Status](https://github.com/apockill/crystalballer/workflows/Test/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/apockill/crystalballer/actions?query=workflow%3ATest)
[![Lint Status](https://github.com/apockill/crystalballer/workflows/Lint/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/apockill/crystalballer/actions?query=workflow%3ALint)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/apockill/crystalballer/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/apockill/crystalballer)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Imports: isort](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20imports-isort-%231674b1?style=flat&labelColor=ef8336)](https://timothycrosley.github.io/isort/)
_________________

[Read Latest Documentation](https://apockill.github.io/crystalballer/) - [Browse GitHub Code Repository](https://github.com/apockill/crystalballer/)
_________________

## Running the Project

The project is made up of two codebases: 
1. The `face_tracker` codebase, which interacts with the Oak-D Lite to track faces, and
   host a server to serve face tracking data.
2. The `godot` codebase, which is a Godot project that uses the face tracking data to
   make cool experiments for head tracking.

### Setting up the Software
To run this project, simply have docker installed, and run the following command, where 
you can replace COMMAND with the script you'd like to run in the docker environment:

```shell
./run COMMAND
```

This will build, run, and execute the container with the main project script. It will 
also enable X11 Forwarding, so that visuals can pass through the docker container.

Usable scripts can be found in the `scripts` section of the `pyproject.toml`.

### Setting up the Hardware

1. Connect the Gakken display to the computer via HDMI, and set the resolution to 800x600.

2. Connect the Oak-D Lite to the computer via USB.

3. Set up the Gakken as the primary display, where it's the leftmost display.

### Validating GPU works
You can check if your docker installation works with GPU by seeing if nvidia-smi works
correctly. You can do this by running the following command:
```shell
./run nvidia-smi
```

## Development

### Installing python dependencies
```shell
poetry install
```

### Running Tests
```shell
pytest .
```

### Formatting Code
```shell
bash .github/format.sh
```

### Linting
```shell
bash .github/check_lint.sh
```
